cloud & cloudgateway (#4209)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log_2025.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

### 29 January 2025 - Fix - Rollback of Remote Access and Live Sharing performance and stability improvements [ID 42087]

> The Remote Access and Live Sharing performance and stability improvements released on the 27th of January were rolled back because of an issue found in combination with CloudGateway 2.16.0 - 2.17.1. The issues has been fixed in [CloudGateway 2.17.2 - Reconnect banner shows up all the time during remote accessing](xref:cloudgateway_change_log#30-january-2025---enhancement---cloudgateway-2172---reconnect-banner-shows-up-all-the-time-during-remote-accessing-id-42043).

Author: ```suggestion
The Remote Access and Live Sharing performance and stability improvements released on the 27th of January were rolled back because of an issue found in combination with CloudGateway 2.16.0 - 2.17.1. The issue has been fixed in [CloudGateway 2.17.2 - Reconnect banner shows up all the time during remote accessing](xref:cloudgateway_change_log#30-january-2025---enhancement---cloudgateway-2172---reconnect-banner-shows-up-all-the-time-during-remote-accessing-id-42043).
```

> It is strongly advised to update to CloudGateway 2.17.2 before this rollback will be released again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend updating to CloudGateway 2.17.2 as soon as possible to prevent issues when these improvements are introduced again.
```
